Update Analytics tutorial with example for subscribing to a custom event (#1582)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/framework/analytics.md

1. Create a new client component in the `/components` directory of your Hydrogen app. For example, `components/AnalyticsListener.client.jsx`.

> 2. In your client component, add the following code to initialize the subscription to the PAGE_VIEW event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your client component, add the following code to initialize the subscription to the `PAGE_VIEW` event:
```

    {% endcodeblock %}

> 4.  Test out the event by refreshing the root page of your app. You will see the PAGE_VIEW payload object details in the browser’s console log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Test the event by refreshing the root page of your app. The `PAGE_VIEW` payload object details display in the browser’s console log.
```

## Configure a custom event

Aside from the [default events](#default-events) that Hydrogen supports, you can also configure custom events. For example, you might want to configure a custom event that tracks the pages where a promotional banner is being clicked the most.

> 1. Emit a custom event by using the publish method and specifying a custom event name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Emit a custom event by using the publish method and specifying a custom event name:
```

{% endcodeblock %}

> 2. In your AnalyticsListener use the ClientAnalytics component to subscribe to your custom event by name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In `AnalyticsListener`, use the `ClientAnalytics` component to subscribe to your custom event by name:
```
